Update harness-platform-faqs.md (#7110)
harness/developer-hub: kb/platform/harness-platform-faqs.md

### Can I adjust the default width of step logs in the browser GUI? They currently open at around 25% of the screen width.

Currently, there are no settings to modify the default GUI view setup. You can manually expand and adjust it as needed, but it resets to default when you refresh or switch to another execution.

#### Does a code repository connector with type: platform (SCM git operations done by Harness platform service) require a delegate to be installed in my Harness account for any type of Git/SCM operation?

> No, only when the delegate connector type is selected would the delegate be required, Harness platform code repo connector handles all operations so long as your repository does not filter any of the IP addresses listed here: https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/references/allowlist-harness-domains-and-ips/#harness-manager
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No, the delegate is only required when the connector type is selected. The Harness Platform code repo connector handles all operations as long as your repository does not filter any of the IP addresses listed in the [Harness Manager domains and IPs](/docs/platform/references/allowlist-harness-domains-and-ips/#harness-manager).
```

> #### I have a variable named this-var and have assigned a value to this variable.  However, when attemtping to use the variable, the value always returns null even though I confirmed the value was assigned to the variable through the Harness UI.  Why is a null value being returned for my this-var variable?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### I have a variable named this-var and have assigned a value to this variable. However, when attempting to use the variable, the value always returns null even though I confirmed the value was assigned to the variable through the Harness UI. Why is a null value being returned for my this-var variable?
```

Harness recommends not using hyphens/dashes (-) in variable names because these characters can cause issues with headers and they aren't allowed in some Linux distributions and deployment-related software.

> However, if you need to reference a custom variable that includes a period or hyphen/dash in the name, you must wrap the variable name in double quotes and use the get() method in the expression, such as .get("some-var").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, if you need to reference a custom variable that includes a period or hyphen/dash in the name, you must wrap the variable name in double quotes and use the `get()` method in the expression, such as `.get("some-var")`.
```

> For example: `<+pipeline.variables.get("this-var")>`
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example: `<+pipeline.variables.get("this-var")>`
```

#### How can I use an output variable from one step and use it towards a different step in another stage within the same pipeline?

One can consider using the expression `<+exportedVariables.getValue("OUTPUT_VARIABLE">` where `OUTPUT_VARIABLE` is the output variable being assigned from the corresponding step.

> 1. Assign an Output alias within the step where the output variable is needed.
> 	- Select the step and click on Optional Configuration.
> 	- Under Output alias (optional) section, assign the following items:
> 		- Publish Variable Names (alias): the name of the variable we will reference in other sections of the pipeline.
> 		- Scope: Select the scope of where this variable will need access to.
> 		- Execution Target: Select On Delegate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Assign an Output alias within the step where the output variable is needed.
	
	- Select the step and click on Optional Configuration.
	- Under Output alias (optional) section, assign the following items:
		- Publish Variable Names (alias): the name of the variable we will reference in other sections of the pipeline.
		- Scope: Select the scope of where this variable will need access to.
		- Execution Target: Select On Delegate.
```

2. Move to the stage/step where the output variable will need to be utilized.
	- Utilize the expression where it is needed to be referenced.

> 		- `<+exportedVariables.getValue("pipeline.OUTPUT_VARIABLE.STEP_VARIABLE">` where STEP_VARIABLE is the variable being used inside the step we are looking to grab the value for.
> 		
> 		

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		- `<+exportedVariables.getValue("pipeline.OUTPUT_VARIABLE.STEP_VARIABLE">` where STEP_VARIABLE is the variable being used inside the step we are looking to grab the value for.
```

		
#### There is a list of servers and need to only run commands in a pipeline to a specific servers configured in an environment.  What would be the best approach?

> Use the <+input> command to obtain the server name from the user at runtime.  Then, utilize a different stage to confirm that the server is part of the list of available servers, and can note to the user if the server does not exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `<+input>` command to obtain the server name from the user at runtime.  Then, utilize a different stage to confirm that the server is part of the list of available servers, and can note to the user if the server does not exist.
```

> One can also define allowed values by appending the .allowedValues() method to `<+input>`. For example: <+input>.allowedValues(server1, server2).  This way, the user can select the server at runtime based on the values available to them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also define allowed values by appending the `.allowedValues()` method to `<+input>`. For example: `<+input>.allowedValues(server1, server2)`.  This way, the user can select the server at runtime based on the available values.
```

#### I cannot push a commit to a specific file via the Harness UI. I switched branch to a branch that already exists in the git repository, and forced it to reload from git. When trying to add a branch definition to this stage template, it infinitely loops with the error, "There is a new version of this branch."

> In order to correct the error, "There is a new version of this branch," perform the following tasks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To correct the error, "There is a new version of this branch," perform the following tasks:
```

- Refresh the cache and reload the entities from Git by selecting the Reload from Git option.

> - A pop-up appears to confirm reload of the entities from Git.  Select Confirm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A pop-up appears to confirm the reload of the entities from Git. Select **Confirm**.
```

> If these steps still do not fix the issue, try a dummy commit on GIT and let the Harness UI update via webhook. Then, once it's updated, you can try and commit anything on Harness UI and it should work as expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If these steps still don't fix the issue, try a dummy commit and let the Harness UI update via webhook. Then, once it's updated, you can try and commit anything in the Harness UI, and it should work as expected.
```

> If these steps fail, please contact Harness support and provide them a HAR file from your browser.
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If these steps fail, contact Harness Support and provide them with a HAR file from your browser.
```

#### How can we customize the manual approval step so that the timeout can be adjusted based on the amount of time the user needs before running out of time to approve the request?

> Within the pipeline, update the timeout field within the manual approval step to <+input>.
> Once the user runs the pipeline, the user will be prompted to enter the timeout length to give enough time for the approver to approve the request.  The execution will be paused until the step is approved or denied.
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within the pipeline, update the timeout field within the manual approval step to `<+input>`.
Once the user runs the pipeline, the user will be prompted to enter the timeout length to give enough time for the approver to approve the request. The execution will be paused until the step is approved or denied.
```

#### We have a pipeline where there are multiple stages.  Is there a way to set up for each stage be accessible by a particular group?

> A pipeline admin can place approvals as the first step in each stage.  This way, the people/groups that need to have the work done for this stage must approve the step in order for the stage to continue processing its execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A pipeline admin can place approvals as the first step in each stage. This way, the people/groups that need to have the work done for this stage must approve the step for the stage to continue processing its execution.
```

> Here's a link to read about how to add a manual approval step/stage: https://developer.harness.io/docs/platform/approvals/adding-harness-approval-stages/
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about adding a manual approval step/stage, go to [Add Harness approval stages](/docs/platform/approvals/adding-harness-approval-stages/).
```

#### User is attempting to use the Bitbucket connector, but is getting the error message: When performing an edit, the authenticated user must have an e-mail address.

> Check the service account being used to sync between Bitbucket and Harness.  Bitbucket may have removed the service account's email address.  Bitbucket forces users to have an email address, so this will cause an error on the Harness side if the email address is not present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check the service account being used to sync between Bitbucket and Harness. Bitbucket may have removed the service account's email address. Bitbucket forces users to have an email address, so this will cause an error in Harness if the email address is not present.
```
